Welcome back and just says we saw within array's we can loop through the values that are contained within
an object.
So the same format where we use the four method.
And then within that curly brackets this is where we execute our code.
So we're going to console log something out here.
And this is going to be console log of the properties and we're also going to console log and load the
values associated with those properties.
So next let's set up a VAR and just as we did before where we need to specify a variable.
So let's do a property where we could have just done X or something like that.
So we do need something that's going to contain the values the newly created values and we use it again.
So the format is exactly the same as we saw in arrays.
And at this time we'll take a look at the property and we also need to put that value of that property
so that let's take a look and we can see that we return back the property so we get colors may color
make dores model.
So I've got color make dores model.
So it's all there ready to go.
And the challenge is going to be to actually get the values that are associated with that.
And we saw earlier I'll give you a quick hint.
And we saw earlier that if we do the bracket notation we can use a value dynamically.
So in this way we can see that we can return back.
We know that we've got the object car and we know that we've got the property value the property the
value of the property here.
So now we need to be able to retrieve back the value.
So I paused the video and give it a go see if you can get the values as well as the properties output
into the con..
So I hope you had an opportunity to try that out for yourself.
And I can assure you the solution and the solution is that we use the bracket notation for objects where
we bracket around the property.
So this is the same thing as if we two car model
or I should need to quarter around that.
So we do need to quarter around that model.
And so we see that we can retrieve back the value so we see we get Mustang back.
So let's try this for ourselves.
And now we don't have to bracket around property because this is a variable.
We don't have to bracket around there are a quarter around there.
So that's why it didn't work when we did it over here because javascript was actually looking for a
variable called model and not a string value called Model.
So let's refresh it and we see now we've got actually the output as read for the number of doors and
Mustang.
So we're able to get all of the values out.
And if you want the property
plus the value you can always concatenate it together and you can see that we've got color red Ford
Taurus 5 model Mustang and this will work even if we are doing something new.
Driver and let's give the driver a name so this car actually has a driver.
It's driving the car.
So I've got a driver so it doesn't matter how many more items we add into the object.
It's dynamic enough to loop through it and provide us all of those details.
In the next lesson we're going to be looking at how we can nest objects within objects arrays within
objects object arrays with objects in them and everything in between.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.